Update lrsb page (#34)
ROvACC/training-docs: docs/source/airports/napoc-tma/LRSB.rst

LRSB - Sibiu International
==========================
General
"""""""

> Sibiu Airport is the second airport in Transylvania region. It is in the North of the Transylvanian Alps and the main airport of Sibiu, an impotant cultural and economic center from the South of Transilvania.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sibiu Airport is the second airport in Transylvania region. It is located in the North of the Transylvanian Alps and the main airport of Sibiu, an essential cultural and economic center from the South of Transilvania.
```

+-----------------+--------------+--------------+
| Prefered config | ARR          | DEP          |
+-----------------+--------------+--------------+
| Deicing         | on parking position         |
+-----------------+--------------+--------------+

Clearance
"""""""""

> Both RNAV and conventional SIDs are available, but RNAV are highly recommended. Non standard departure shall be coordinated with APP unit.

Reviewer: "Non standard departure shall be coordinated with APP unit." 
adica?

Author: SIDurile conventionale se coordoneaza cu APP, la cerere.

Taxi
""""

> Departing and arrived traffic shall be instructed to follow standard taxi routes available on AIP LR AD 2.13-8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Departing and arriving traffic shall be instructed to follow standard taxi routes available on AIP LR AD 2.13-8.
```

Reviewer: ar fi o idee sa adaugam si-un link catre 2.13-8

Stand assignments
"""""""""""""""""

It is generally at the discretion of the ATC.

+-------+--------+-------------------+
| Apron | Stands | Procedure         |
+-------+--------+-------------------+
| 1     | 1-4    | self maneuvering  |
+       +--------+-------------------+
|       | 5-6    | push-back only    |
+       +--------+-------------------+
|       | 7-11   | self maneuvering  |
+-------+--------+-------------------+

LVP
"""

During LVP, aircrafts shall be instructed to follow standard taxi routes with Follow Me guidance.

Traffic regulation
""""""""""""""""""

CTR Sibiu is classified as Class C Airspace where both IFR and VFR are allowed to enter.

CTR Sibiu lower limit is the ground level and the upper limit is 3000 ft AMSL (by QNH).

> On the area chart there are all VFR points in CTR Sibiu. An extented map of whole TMA VFR Routes could be find on AIP LR ENR 6-70.

Reviewer: La fel poate adaugam documentul

> VFR traffic circuits are allowed in the north side of the airport, at 2500 ft AMSL (by QNH). VFR traffic could be cleared to climb in TMA only by APP unit. A coordination between TWR and APP units shall be in force.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VFR traffic circuits are allowed on the north side of the airport, at max. 2500 ft AMSL (by QNH). VFR traffic could be cleared to climb in TMA only by the APP unit. Coordination between TWR and APP units shall be in force.
```
